[Autogenerated] the next tool will need to install locally
is the AWS command line interface or Cli.
This tool can be used to create and configure resources in AWS from the
comfort of a command line to start the installation,
go to the AWS Cli homepage and follow the installation
steps based on your operating system.
Although this wasn't the case in the past.
All platforms.
Windows,
macOS and Linux now have installers for the AWS Cli download
and run the installer for your platform.
When you've completed installation of the AWS Cli,
open a command line to test, said it is working correctly execute the command,
a Ws dash dash version and you should get output similar to mine here.
This is the current version of AWS and some system information.
If this command doesn't output,
check your installation again and ensure all steps completed.
for Windows users.
Specifically on Windows 10,
I've had to restart my computer after installing the AWS Cli
with the installer in order for my path to update and the AWS
command to work in my command prompt.
If you receive a message saying that the AWS command cannot be found, try restarting to resolve this issue